deprecation notice (#1)
gnosischain/nimbus-client: README.md

# DEPRECATED
> [!WARNING]  

> > This is no longer supported as native Gnosis Chain support has been introduced. Please consider using the alternative setup path provided is [official documentation](https://docs.gnosischain.com/node/manual/beacon/nimbus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This repository is no longer supported as native Gnosis Chain support has been introduced in the upstream. Please use the [official documentation](https://docs.gnosischain.com/node/manual/beacon/nimbus).
```

```shell
docker build -t gnosischain/nimbus:latest --build-arg UPSTREAM_VERSION=v2.2.2 .
```

```shell
docker push gnosischain/nimbus:latest

> ```

Reviewer: Why change this?

Author: This were the plain text docker cli commands intended to be formatted like that
